Hamlet, Chapter 1
Hamlet, the prince, was confused by the question of life and death,
and, while he was wondering, he saw a painful, troubled dream,
and was in a state of delusion, as if he were being possessed.
Before that, he was deeply in love with the girl.
He discovered that the daughter of the governor, Polonius, Ophelia, was reading the Bible,
and sought the only consolation for her,
which was a terrible worry.
On that day, Ophelia was told by her father, Polonius,
that Hamlet's brother was being used to find out
the truth about the death of Polonius.
Hamlet, being humble,
was in a state of delusion, and, while he hated and envied the king
and Polonius, who were abusing the girl for the purpose of the land,
he was also in a state of delusion.
Ophelia, who was being abused, was in a state of delusion,
and was told by her father, Polonius,
that she should become an Amaterasu,
and go to Amaterasu, and not be a maid.
She was in a state of delusion, and was being abused by the bad people.
At the same time, Hamlet's brother, who was being abused by his mother,
was in a state of delusion,
and was cursed by the whole woman,
and he was put to sleep.
Ophelia, who was a child,
and did not know the world,
believed that Hamlet was wrong,
and was sad and lamented.
On stage, Polonius and Ophelia appear.
It begins with the words of Polonius.
Ophelia, you should walk around here.
While you are walking, you should sneak into the shadows.
You should read the Bible.
If you do such a thing,
even if you are alone, you cannot see the end.
You should let it be seen.
You cannot let it be here.
Here Hamlet sinks into delusion and self-possession,
and appears as a footman of a delusional person.